thanks guys you know college football's
National Signing Day is coming up next
week but for those athletes who aren't
recruited and given a scholarship many
will attempt to continue their careers
not walking on some we're here at
Liberty University the flames give
athletes that chance with a spring
walk-on tryout now sure we could have
done a story profiling one of these
hopeful young men as they attempted to
fulfill their lifelong dream but why do
that when we can instead force our own
rep MacGibbon to go through the tryout
himself have a look college football the
strength passion and skill that enamors
viewers coast-to-coast on most Saturday
nights well I never had my shot my mom
would never let me play so I thought I'd
go to walk-on tryouts here at Liberty
first up I got a register for it now I'm
not the only person with this dream of
becoming an NCAA athlete there at least
40 of us trying out time now to get my
Jersey I'm dawn with number 56 these
dreams of Lawrence Taylor in my head
it's time to put it on well try to
anyways it's really a lot harder than it
looks believe me
with the music bumpin I'm getting in the
zone along with my allegiance some guys
shake to get out the nerves others throw
in the buds me I like to stretch it out
next on the list is height and weight
for everybody this takes some time
finally I'm there I come in at a firm
after this kid called me old he thought
it would be funny to make everyone think
I'm shrinking seriously six-two final
step is to get on the cleats before
tryouts begin yeah there are a little
bit too small but anyways we get
upstairs and outside into a beautiful
day for football
lots of rain this separates the men from
the boys including that gray hair I have
back there on my neck Coach D Armand
fills us in regarding our activities
before we hit the real meat of tryouts
warming up is essential the walking calf
stretc stutter steps and sprinting now
we're ready for drills coach fobs gives
us our instructions I get to show off my
explosive first few steps in this drill
touch both lines and finish strong
mobility a big thing in football and
here they want to see you do it in full
motion watch this kid in front of me
pretty seamless overall he's like a nice
sedan just rolling me I'm like a four
dually diesel not a lot of speed but
tons of torque the 40-yard dash is my
next challenge
I got a stretch out these old Loctite
hips before this one
after watching smooth motion go in front
of me it's my turn now I'm starting to
get a little bit tired here and with
fatigue here come some mistakes I have
no idea what's going on here watching
this guy point it's like trying to drive
on the wrong side of the road I'm all
over the place I couldn't wait to get
out of this one I call this one the
touch-and-go and with my legs feeling
like jelly
let make it through a quick go team and
now it's to the rope-ladder I have to
admit it wasn't as bad as I thought get
your timing down feel the rhythm feel
the rhyme come on everybody until in
front of you somebody hits the rope and
over send you flying
Oh my heart wanted to keep going
my stomach was giving me a very strong
no it gave me a great respect for these
athletes that do this on a daily basis
while I was holding on to one final hope
of making it
coach Hobbs well he cut me off easy I
think he you know he fought through it
and got some and got some good working
that's one thing I can say for game on
apparently they're still checking to see
if he has eligibility they there's a
there's a chance I give him an A you
know he was a good stop he did good work
for it